welcome back to movie recaps today i
will show you a horror film from 2010
titled devil spoilers ahead watch out
and take care
a man can be seen cleaning the inside of
a building when suddenly a body falls on
the truck outside
two men are talking in a dinner they
have a conversation about alcoholism and
the importance of forgiveness for people
like the one in the suit who are
recovering alcoholics
the same one says that forgiveness isn't
easy after what happened to his family
five years ago and wishes they could
talk about normal stuff instead
later the same man is revealed to be a
detective as he crosses a police line
another cop takes him to a crime scene
and shows him the dented truck with a
dead body on top
he checks the out body and looks up at
the building surrounding the truck
the other detective can't believe a jump
with such a force can happen from
buildings that small
the first detective notices that there
is no glass on the pavement surrounding
the truck and thinks that it rolled out
to the place where it was found
the two detectives walk around a corner
to find a building that would better
match their crime scene
next to a modern looking skyscraper the
characters are introduced one by one
first is the man in the hoodie lingering
then the man with a red tie
passing by him and walking inside the
building next is the security guard
picking up the phone at the reception
desk and the old lady scene standing in
the middle of the lobby
confused then there is the young woman
entering the lobby
passing the security guard at the
reception getting stopped by him and
going to the back of the line to sign
the visitor's log
the security guard tells the other man
at the reception area that he has to
take a package to the 39th floor and
goes toward the elevators
the guy with the red tie and the old
lady want to go inside an elevator
but because it's full they take the
other one that just arrived empty behind
them
they walk in and the security guy walks
in with them too
as the door starts closing someone calls
out to wait and the young woman from
before walks in two
after her another person yells grabs the
doors after no one helps him and walks
inside
it's the same guy with a hoodie once
they're all inside
the elevator starts moving but very
suddenly stops and jams
meanwhile an older security guard is
watching a hockey game in the main
security room
a younger security guard walks in the
room and they chat about the game
he notices that one of the elevators is
in inspection mode so the older security
guard calls the building engineer about
the problem
while the engineer is trying to fix a
broken window high up in the building
the guard tells the engineer to check on
the elevator first because there are
people stuck inside
back in the elevator the security guard
is getting anxious
the old lady keeps pressing him about
emergency procedures but he doesn't know
because he's a temp
the guy in the red tie hits the
emergency button and joins the old
lady's questioning
by asking why he doesn't have a
walkie-talkie a voice comes on from the
comm system in the elevator
telling them that he knows they're stuck
and that there is an engineer on the way
to see what's wrong
the older security guard is the one
talking to them overcome and asks them
to say something in the camera
which makes him figure out that there is
something wrong with the microphone and
he can't hear them
the security guard on the elevator tries
calling the lobby from his cell phone
but gets no signal so the young woman
gives him her phone
the call is short and loses signal fast
music starts playing in the elevator and
the guy in the red tie stats singing
annoying everyone inside the building
engineer is on his way to the machine
room at the top
where the wind sweeps off his hat and he
almost falls off the side
back down at the foot of the building
the two detectives are approaching and
talking
the detective from the diner finds glass
on the pavement and they see a man
nearby sweeping more glass
he tells the man to stop doing that and
declares the place a crime scene
a huge chunk of glass falling from the
building almost killing his partner
confirms his suspicion back inside the
building
the engineer is seen checking the
elevator from the shaft
he calls the main security room to tell
them that it looks fine but then you
will reset it
back at the elevator the older security
guard tells the group overcome that the
light will be out for about 20 seconds
the lights go out and when they come
back on the old lady screams at the
security guard to get away from her to
which he apologizes
telling everyone that he's very
claustrophobic the third man pushes a
panel from the top of the elevator and
air starts coming inside
the security guard asks if they should
try climbing up but the other man says
that it's dangerous going up the cable
back at the machine room the engineer
asks the main security if the reset
worked and when they answer that it
didn't
he says he'll go check out the problem
from the basement the two guards in the
main security office talk about the
broken window in the building and how
someone might have jumped off it that
morning
the younger one is very concerned to
hear that back on the elevator
the man in the red tie gives the old
lady his business card
the group starts having a conversation
prompted by a comment he makes about the
old lady
he tells them that he knows how to tell
if someone is rich or not and compares
the old lady to the young woman
saying that the younger ones clothes
look expensive she turns her back at him
but quickly reacts saying that he
grabbed her behind as the lights in the
elevator start flickering
the older guard in the main office calls
the engineer asking if he is doing that
the engineer says that he's just looking
at the elevators from below and that it
looks fine from there too
he pulls a lever on the side of the
elevator and asks if that help
the older security guard informs the
engineer that there had been no change
so he says he will go back on the roof
and reset it manually
the lights in the elevator flicker again
they're watching it happen from the main
office
when the younger guard sees something
strange on the screen that scares him
the engineer hears a strange noise and
follows it under the elevators
chasing after it he almost gets crushed
by an elevator dropping down the shafts
the lights in the elevator flicker again
and then go out completely
strange noises are heard in the elevator
as the lights go on and off
when the light comes back on for the
third time the young woman is lying on
the ground
the guards in the main office ask what's
going on when the younger one notices
that the young woman's back is hurt
the people inside are panicking red tie
man notices that he has blood on him and
tries to hide it from the
others the young woman says that it felt
like something bit her
so the third man asks if anyone has
anything sharp that might have hurt her
the security guard in the elevator then
sees the blood on the man with the red
tie
as he tries to explain that she just
fell on him the security guy goes to
frisk him for a weapon
the guards watching for the security
room decide that they need to call the
police
since there has now been an assault
inside the elevator outside of the
building the cop from the diner is
talking to forensics
when the call about the elevator comes
in he sees that the call is about the
building with the broken window and
takes the case
bringing along his partner back at the
main office the younger guard finds the
footage from the moment he saw something
strange on the screen and shows it to
the older one
who dismisses it as just grain the
younger one grabs his cross certainly
he'd seen something evil
but the older one tries to calm him down
inside of the elevator
the security guard and the third man try
to pry open the doors
even if they could they don't know if
there's an opening in the shaft they
could climb to
the old lady is afraid that the elevator
is just dangling and might drop
down the man in the red tie tries to
help with the doors but he sent to the
back of the elevator away from the other
so to keep an eye on him
still thinking that he hurt the young
woman in the meantime
the two detectives arrive at the main
security office where the older guard
shows them the security camera and
explains the assault
he tells them that the others in the
elevator think the man in the red tie
was to blame
after the detective assesses the
situation he tells the security guards
that they should ask for a repair man
from the elevator company and tells his
partner to call the fire department
he then asks about the people inside
particularly interested about the
security guard
after finding out that he's a temp he
tells the guards in the main office to
pull up his files
the younger guard tells him about what
he saw in the footage but the older
guard brushes it off again
the detective dismisses it too and tells
the people in the elevator to show their
ids to the camera
so he can see who they are unfortunately
the writing on the ids is eligible
so the detectives and the older security
guard go to the lobby to check the
visitor's log and find out that way
back at the main security office the
younger guard is keeping track on the
security camera from the elevator when
the lights inside flicker again
inside of the elevator the young woman
suddenly sees all of the people
disappear and reappear as bloody dead
bodies on the floor
a second later it's as if that never
happened and everyone is in their place
the lights go out completely again the
mirror in the elevator shatters and
strange noises are heard in the dark
again
when the light comes back on the man
with the red tie is revealed to be
stabbed in the neck with a piece of
glass from the mirror
meanwhile the younger guard calls the
two detectives back
they see that the man is dead so the
detective calls for backup
when he starts reviewing the footage the
younger guard starts telling everyone a
story
he says that situations like these
always start with a suicide and people
getting hurt when the devil is near
sometimes he takes human form and
torments people the last thing he says
is that one of those people in the
elevator might be the devil
the detectives uninterested in what the
guard is saying
continue reviewing the footage and
suspect the security guard in the
elevator might be involved in the murder
the partner says that his files show him
to be a violent criminal
the group inside the elevator is also
talking about who the murderer might be
the fire department arrives at the
building in the main security office the
detective tells the people inside the
elevator that the place is a crime scene
now
the detective doubts that what happened
was an accident but says the people
don't look like killers
he gets an idea and asks one of them to
volunteer he then tells the man to take
out a piece of paper from the dead man's
pocket
the man raises up a letter to the camera
which the people in the office decipher
and realize the dead man was going to
see someone in the building
the detectives go to meet with the fire
department first and after the detective
from the diner goes to the level of the
building with a broken window
forensics tell him that the suicide note
the jumper left is very strange
with the words i can hear the devil's
footsteps draw near written last
outside of the elevator the firemen try
to pry its doors open
but they won't budge inside one of the
men is trying to get out trot the top of
the elevator
but the security guard pulls him back
down thinking he's trying to escape
the detective is talking to the person
from the building that was supposed to
meet with a dead man from the elevator
he finds out that he was a scam artist
and asked the person for a list of the
people he has scammed
back at the elevator the people start
frisking one another
meanwhile at the main security office
the detective is back and tells his
partner that one of the people probably
didn't sign in
if they were out to kill the man with a
red tie they wouldn't be stupid enough
to do that
he gives him the other list and tells
him to compare the two
then he goes over to the security guards
and the young guard shows him the face
from the footage
but in turn the detective shows him the
apology note that was left by the person
that killed his wife and child in a car
crash
he says that people can be evil without
the help of the devil
while they're talking the old guard is
reviewing the footage when he finds the
moment when the young woman thinks
someone grabs her
the footage doesn't show anyone doing it
the detective thinks she's lying and
becomes suspicious of her too
they see the people in the elevator
frisking each other and tell them to
stop
inside the elevator an argument starts
up again and the old lady threatens to
pepper spray the security guard
he grabs the spray from her hands in the
main security office
the older guard is calling the engineer
telling him to stop disappearing
the engineer is climbing down the
elevator cable and can't get his
walkie-talkie to answer
he slips down the cable and a chain from
his protective gear tears open
inside the elevator the security guard
is taunting the old lady with the
expired pepper spray
when something heavy drops on top of the
elevator they can hear the old guard's
voice from the top
in a moment blood starts coming in from
the top panel
they can still hear the walkie-talkie
and figure out that it's the engineer
that fell
they can't break trough the panel to
help the detective goes to the roof to
check on the shaft and sees the engineer
on top of the elevator
probably dead tells everyone that the
people inside of the elevator can hear
the walkie-talkie and that they should
switch
channels he orders the fire department
to get inside the elevator trough the
wall
the firemen start digging trough the
wall looking trough the footage in the
main office they see that the old lady
was stealing wallets
the detective comments that all of them
were bad people as he's looking at the
screen
the footage from the security cam
glitches again and shows all of the
people inside dead
but only the cop can see that next they
find
footage with the third man and see that
he had a satchel with him when he walked
in the lobby
but no satchel in the elevator the
lights in the elevator start flickering
again
then go out the security guard lights a
match and there's something strange next
to him
when the lights come back on the old
lady is strung up on one side of the
elevator
dead the detective sees that on screen
and calls for a lockdown of the building
with everyone inside going to the lobby
the older guard goes to the basement
the detective and the younger guard are
the only ones in the office
so the younger guard says there is a
reason that they are the devil's
audience
inside the elevator the two men take the
old lady's body down
meanwhile the detectives look for the
satchel and find it in a restroom near
the lobby
the satchel has tools inside that the
detective suspect might be used to rig
an elevator
back in the main office the younger
guard is left alone so he starts
reciting prayers over the com
the people in the elevator don't like
what he's doing they talk a little but
quickly a fight between the two men
ensues
the young woman is calling for the
security guard to kill the other man
back in the main office while the guard
is still praying the detectives walk in
and see what's happening in the elevator
they order the people to back away and
put their hands on the walls
as the people in the elevator settle
down the cop asks the younger guard how
his story ends
he tells him that they all die his
partner then tells him that the young
woman has a record too
that she was married to a rich man and
that she was in the building to see a
lawyer
the two of them run in the lobby and
find the lawyer the only information he
can reveal is that they should look into
the people closest to her and that his
specialty is forensic accounting
the detective asked to get the woman's
husband on the phone
meanwhile the old security guard is in
the basement and turns off the water
he informs the firemen and they continue
breaking trough the wall
while still in the basement he finds a
wire that is dipped in water and tries
to get it out
moments later in the lobby the people
that are gathered start screaming as he
falls over
the detectives run to his aid but he
dies back inside the elevator
the three people remaining start arguing
again the two detectives come back at
the office
saying that the younger woman's husband
might have arranged all of it since he
owns the security company that works in
the building
the cops think that the security guard
inside the elevator is responsible and
that the other two victims were just a
decoy
back in the elevator the lights go out
again the detective tells them to use
their phone screens as flashlights but
their phones get ripped out of their
hands
the lights go out and the next time they
come back on the security guard is dead
the two people left grab a piece of
glass in a panic and stand prepared to
defend themselves
desperate the detective asks the younger
guard how he can help them
he tells him that they should take
responsibility for who they are
so the detective shares a personal story
with them about that and asks them to
put the glass down
they do it reluctantly suddenly the
lights go
out again and they come back on the
young woman is lying on the ground with
a piece of glass in her throat
as the man is seen trying to help her
the body of the old lady rises behind
him
saying that it's his turn now the man
has a flashback of himself driving a car
he's reaching for a beer when he crashes
into another car
he gets out of his car and sees the
other one in a ditch a woman lies pinned
by a car and before she dies she points
to her child lying in the grass in front
of the car
the man can't believe what he has done
and leaves the scene leaving a note on
the window of the other car
back in the elevator he keeps repeating
that he's sorry and begs the old lady
the devil to take him instead of the
young woman the devil refuses the
bargain
and hurls the elevator down the shaft
when it stops
the man finds the engineer's radio and
starts talking
he tells the detective what he's done
the detective and the young guard are
listening to him and realize what that
means
inside the elevator the young woman
finally dies in his arms
and the devil is angry saying that she
really wanted him the lights go out and
come back on again as the firemen are
opening the doors of the elevator
the man is the only one left alive
speared by the devil
the old lady had disappeared later
paramedics are taking out the bodies and
the detective sees the man sitting in
the lobby
he says he will take him in the station
next the two of them are seen in a car
the man is in the backseat the detective
tells him that it was his family that he
killed that day
but that after all of this time he
forgives him make sure to subscribe and
turn on notifications so you can watch
more videos like this
thanks for watching